Fix Issue #13671: Make sections consistent across modules (#15054)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/css/building_blocks/selectors/pseudo-classes_and_pseudo-elements/index.md

The use of the `::before` and `::after` pseudo-elements along with the `content` property is referred to as "Generated Content" in CSS, and you will often see this technique being used for various tasks. A great example is the site [CSS Arrow Please](https://www.cssarrowplease.com/), which helps you to generate an arrow with CSS. Look at the CSS as you create your arrow and you will see the {{cssxref("::before")}} and {{cssxref("::after")}} pseudo-elements in use. Whenever you see these selectors, look at the {{cssxref("content")}} property to see what is being added to the document.

## Summary

> There are a large number of pseudo-classes and pseudo-elements, and it's useful to have a list to refer to — below are links to their reference pages on MDN.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this article we've introduced CSS pseudo-classes and pseudo-elements, which are special types of selectors.

Pseudo-classes enable you to target an element when it's in a particular state, as if you had added a class for that state to the DOM. Pseudo-elements act as if you had added a whole new element to the DOM, and enable you to style that. The `::before` and `::after` pseudo-elements enable you to insert content into the document using CSS.
```

The Summary ought to (1) summarise the current article and (2) point to the next one. I don't think we need to point to the references in See also here.

Author: that's much better, thanks!👍

The use of the `::before` and `::after` pseudo-elements along with the `content` property is referred to as "Generated Content" in CSS, and you will often see this technique being used for various tasks. A great example is the site [CSS Arrow Please](https://www.cssarrowplease.com/), which helps you to generate an arrow with CSS. Look at the CSS as you create your arrow and you will see the {{cssxref("::before")}} and {{cssxref("::after")}} pseudo-elements in use. Whenever you see these selectors, look at the {{cssxref("content")}} property to see what is being added to the document.

## Summary

> You can take a look at the reference tables of pseudo-classes and pseudo-elements below for direct links to the various selectors in this Learn section or on MDN in general, or continue on to start your journey by finding out about [combinators](/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/Building_blocks/Selectors/Combinators).

Reviewer: What do you think of moving that "Reference section" up before this one (and renaming it to "Pseudo-class and pseudo-element reference"), then in this section saying something like:

```suggestion
In this article we've introduced CSS pseudo-classes and pseudo-elements. In the next article we'll learn about [combinators](/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/Building_blocks/Selectors/Combinators), which enable you to combine CSS selectors.
```

...or something like that...

Author: I think renaming the "Reference section" is a good thing.

In [this article](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/Building_blocks/Selectors#next_steps), the order was also like this. Personally, I think this order is good as it is, because especially here, the table is quite long - see also {PreviousMenuNext}, which also makes sense at this point (to make faster progress as a reader if someone wants to skip the tables).

We can rewrite the summary text in terms of content of course.
(I have taken the text content from the mentioned article and adapted it here)

Let me know what you think :)

Reviewer: > Personally, I think this order is good as it is, because especially here, the table is quite long - see also {PreviousMenuNext}, which also makes sense at this point (to make faster progress as a reader if someone wants to skip the tables).

That's fair enough. I just think they really get in the way and are quite jarring, when we have this very consistent start/end format to these pages. On reflection, I now think we should delete these tables, and instead link to https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Pseudo-classes and https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Pseudo-elements, which are essentially the same.

Reviewer: Another reason for doing this is that as it is, we have 2 copies of these lists to maintain, and it's extremely likely they will get out of date.

Author: done (also for the [other mentioned page with the reference table](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/Building_blocks/Selectors))
now there is a link to the respective reference
